# PUF-Based-Secure-Protocol-for-Secret-Message-Exchange-using-PUF-devices
The fast-growing connected world has increased the dynamic demands of the 
Internet of things (IoT) in different sectors, and the main challenges for 
the IoT devices are low memory and limited computational power. In addition, 
the number of assailant and security threats in IoT communication are
increasing rapidly. Several cryptographic mechanisms/operations have been
proposed in order to prevent IoT security threats, which are mainly 
computationally-heavy in nature. Currently, physically unclonable function
(PUF) plays an important role in designing efficient cryptographic protocols 
in comparison with other crypto-operations due to its light-weight process. 
In this paper, we revisit PUF-based authentication protocol for secure 
communication in IoT proposed by Braeken (2018) and identified its loopholes. 
From there, we design a new protocol for secure communication by utilizing 
PUF operation. The main objective of our protocol is to provide top-level
security with less computation cost for faster responses. Our simulation 
results, using Scyther tool, confirm that all the private information is 
protected during protocol run and all the related security attacks could be 
protected through informal analysis. The performance of our protocol is shown 
to be better in terms of communication and computation overhead compared
with two peer protocols.

![Your Repository's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=priyankamall&theme=blue-green)
![Your Repository's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=priyankamall&show_icons=true)
